TOUB User Manual 

  High Level Description:

TOUB is a bot which can be integrated with popular messaging services such as 
Discord, and acts as a fun and confusing incentive to encourage people to use SI 
units. Functionally, this bot takes any non-SI unit measurement in all chat messages 
wherever it is integrated and converts that measurement to obscure units that are 
unknown to the vast majority of people and likely completely useless. It can 
optionally be used to convert non-SI units to SI units for a more user-friendly 
experience, or it can even convert all forms of measurement into randomly selected
obscure measurements for maximum chaos.


  How to install the software:

Prerequisites: discord account.
Instructions:
Go to the discord app website (https://discord.com/app) and login to your account.
Select the server you want to add the bot to and click on the drop-down arrow next to
the server’s name.
Go to "Server Settings" from the drop down menu.
Click on ‘Roles’, scroll down, and enable ‘Manage Server’ permission under the
General Server Permissions section. Once done, click on ‘Save Changes’.
Open your browser and paste the following URL:
https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize
client_id=970509633179492393&scope=bot&permissions=0
Select the server you want to add TOUB to and click "Authorize"


  How to run the software:

Once the bot is downloaded on the server, you can run it by typing a toub command,
these commands begin with "!toub-". If you want to learn about the commands or see
all the options, type "!toub-help". 


  How to report a bug:

On the TOUB GitHub repo, navigate to the "Issues" tab and click on the "Open Issue" button to create a new issue (if the bug you encountered does not already exist in the list). Within the new issue, add a clear summary of the bug, instructions on how to reproduce the bug, the
expected outcome, and the actual outcome. Please also copy any error logs that are available when the bug occurs. 


  Known bugs:

Conversions between dimensions should be checked and not allowed


  Work in Progress:

- Level 2/3 bot
- Minigame
